sweeping across the country comes one of
the great literary achievements of our
time a human revealing soul-stirring
story that instantly becomes the most
discussed novel of modern literature a
Grapes of Wrath The Grapes of Wrath
I don't have to put you on the waiting
list we've never had such a demand for a
book do you have a copy of breaks of
wrath sorry we're all sold on yes The
Grapes of Wrath well send me as many
copies as you can
I can't supply the demand The Grapes of
Wrath rates of rapid rates of red grapes
of wrath' the beets in red makes a rock
into bread as sales skyrocket The Grapes
of Wrath becomes the book of the nation
everyone everywhere joins in the
discussion of its vital problem
gives you this unprecedented popularity
producers fight for the motion picture
rights and finally 20th Century Fox
announces the purchase of the book and
plans for its immediate production a
storm of discussion arouses the nation
speculation and rumor arrives to the
effect that no producer will venture to
film this great dramatic masterpiece of
human hearts Darryl F zanuck production
head of 20th Century Fox Studios
emphatically announces that The Grapes
of Wrath will be made all of the
resources of this bass studio of
Marshall for the production John Ford
Academy award-winner is given the
directorial assignment the cast is
carefully chosen to make John
Steinbeck's unforgettable characters
come to life Tom Joad is played by Henry
Fonda Margot is played by Jane door well
Casey is played by John Carradine Rand
Paul is played by Charlie great will
Rosa Sharon is playback Doris bounden
Joe is played by Russell Simpson
is played by Uzi fight him muley is
played by John Quillin Hani is played by
Eric Polina and now at last The Grapes
of Wrath is ready for the screen as the
motion picture captures all the drama
suspense action tears and laughter of
the story that stirred a nation